book/misc.md, before:

codeschool.com
http://www.youtube.com/user/briantwill

## gdb

    b 3
    b main.c:3
    b test.c:4
    s
    n

# C
Q: why "hello.c hello.h main.c", why not just put everything in one main.c?

A: check _Program Library HOWTO_

## coding style
`doxygen`

    :dox



## data type

    int i;
    char c;
    float f;

my slides <http://peter-c-pointers.heroku.com/>
## C books

the C Bible: _The C Programming Language_ by K&R

MIT computer introduction course: _think like a computer scientist (python editon)_ 
# history of GNU/Linux
## free software --- GNU
Author: Richard Stallmam
<http://www.gnu.org>
## opensource software ---Linux
Author: Linus 
<http://kernel.org/>


## dir

this is my code:

        cd dirname

# How to use markdown

        vim myfile.md
        markdown mymfile.md > myfile.html
        firefox myfile.html&

website: <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>

# Basics
## firefox

`/` to start search

__Ctrl-G__ find next

__Ctrl-c-l__ change URL

__Ctrl-k__ to google

__Ctrl-r__ refresh

# Home Work

## creat your own home page

follow this:
<http://pages.github.com/>
and then you can get sth like this
<http://happypeter.github.com>

## reading

_How to Become a Hacker_ (By Eric S.R)

http://www.beijinglug.org

http://linuxcommand.org/tlcl.php

## linfo

linfo.org is special in that it is really sth for Linux newbies, focusing on
only important concepts(like GCC, Linux, platform), and it limits the talk
only with in the materials interesting to beginners. linfo Rocks!

And its simplicity looks really sexy to me, and I am tempted to creat my own
linfo. I want to add pics, I want a search bar.

Commit message:

how to write the book

book/misc.md, after:

I will try to make each chapter cover a complete topic, but this shoould give
way to keeping the story-telling style of this book, that is starting from
ZERO, and then go step by step. Say, I want to talk about vim movement, which
will be too much stuff to be wrapped into one single chapter, than I will
choose to have a "3.2 vim basic movement" to fullfill the basic needs of the
students, then may be in 3.10 or 3.20, when the students get more at home with
vim, I can add another chapter named "vim advanced movement". Keep it simple
and let it grow.

codeschool.com
http://www.youtube.com/user/briantwill

## gdb

    b 3
    b main.c:3
    b test.c:4
    s
    n

# C
Q: why "hello.c hello.h main.c", why not just put everything in one main.c?

A: check _Program Library HOWTO_

## coding style
`doxygen`

    :dox



## data type

    int i;
    char c;
    float f;

my slides <http://peter-c-pointers.heroku.com/>
## C books

the C Bible: _The C Programming Language_ by K&R

MIT computer introduction course: _think like a computer scientist (python editon)_ 
# history of GNU/Linux
## free software --- GNU
Author: Richard Stallmam
<http://www.gnu.org>
## opensource software ---Linux
Author: Linus 
<http://kernel.org/>


## dir

this is my code:

        cd dirname

# How to use markdown

        vim myfile.md
        markdown mymfile.md > myfile.html
        firefox myfile.html&

website: <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>

# Basics
## firefox

`/` to start search

__Ctrl-G__ find next

__Ctrl-c-l__ change URL

__Ctrl-k__ to google

__Ctrl-r__ refresh

# Home Work

## creat your own home page

follow this:
<http://pages.github.com/>
and then you can get sth like this
<http://happypeter.github.com>

## reading

_How to Become a Hacker_ (By Eric S.R)

http://www.beijinglug.org

http://linuxcommand.org/tlcl.php

## linfo

linfo.org is special in that it is really sth for Linux newbies, focusing on
only important concepts(like GCC, Linux, platform), and it limits the talk
only with in the materials interesting to beginners. linfo Rocks!

And its simplicity looks really sexy to me, and I am tempted to creat my own
linfo. I want to add pics, I want a search bar.
