book/tmp.md, before:

## C book

    http://www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~liberti/public/computing/prog/c/C/SYNTAX/preprocessors.html
    http://opencbp.sourceforge.net/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/opencbook/index.html

# learn more from 
LinuxCommand.org
# get pdf

use htmldoc

and check

http://tldp.org/HOWTO/NCURSES-Programming-HOWTO/intro.html#OTHERFORMATS

# Conventions
## when use yEd, 

use round angle square, set its size to 30x60

set `scaling factor to 1.5` exporting.

## Conventions used in this book(O'Reilly):
Plain text
    Indicates menu titles, menu options, menu buttons, and keyboard
    accelerators(such as Alt and Ctrl)

    e.g 
        Menu->Choice

Italic
    Indicates new terms, URLs, email addresses, filenames, file extensions,
    pathnames, directories, and Unix utilities.

    e.g
        _filename_
        _dirname_
        _program name_

"Quoted text"

__command__




_important term_

---------------------------

I just want lessons for LGCB, not chapters, and every lesson I add will be
there forever(the url will be permanent, so that I can link to it from
anywhere), I can only better the page, but not removing it. 

I am free to change the index of the book.

I will try to make each lesson cover a complete topic, but this should give
way to keeping the story-telling style of this book, that is starting from
ZERO, and then go step by step. Say, I want to talk about __vim__ movement, which
will be too much stuff to be wrapped into one single chapter, than I will
choose to have a "3.2 vim basic movement" to fullfill the basic needs of the
students, then may be in 3.10 or 3.20, when the students get more at home with
__vim__, I can add another chapter named "vim advanced movement". 

Conciseness over Preciseness.

I don't teach bash first and __vim__ later, so put chapter1 or 2 before them is
ridiculous. I think I will teach this way:

I will first finish one or two lessons of Bash, then I will move to git or
__vim__
and pick up one or two lessons as needed.

codeschool.com
http://www.youtube.com/user/briantwill

## gdb

    b 3
    b main.c:3
    b test.c:4
    s
    n

# C
Q: why "hello.c hello.h main.c", why not just put everything in one main.c?

A: check _Program Library HOWTO_

## coding style
`doxygen`

    :dox



## data type

    int i;
    char c;
    float f;

my slides <http://peter-c-pointers.heroku.com/>
## C books

the C Bible: _The C Programming Language_ by K&R

MIT computer introduction course: _think like a computer scientist (python editon)_ 
# history of GNU/Linux
## free software --- GNU
Author: Richard Stallmam
<http://www.gnu.org>
## opensource software ---Linux
Author: Linus 
<http://kernel.org/>


# Basics
## firefox

`/` to start search

__Ctrl-G__ find next

__Ctrl-c-l__ change URL

__Ctrl-k__ to google

__Ctrl-r__ refresh

# Home Work

## creat your own home page

follow this:
<http://pages.github.com/>
and then you can get sth like this
<http://happypeter.github.com>

## reading

_How to Become a Hacker_ (By Eric S.R)

http://www.beijinglug.org

http://linuxcommand.org/tlcl.php

## linfo

linfo.org is special in that it is really sth for Linux newbies, focusing on
only important concepts(like GCC, Linux, platform), and it limits the talk
only with in the materials interesting to beginners. linfo Rocks!

And its simplicity looks really sexy to me, and I am tempted to creat my own
linfo. I want to add pics, I want a search bar.

Commit message:

for code (and the like)

book/tmp.md, after:

## C book

    http://www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~liberti/public/computing/prog/c/C/SYNTAX/preprocessors.html
    http://opencbp.sourceforge.net/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/opencbook/index.html

# learn more from 
LinuxCommand.org
# get pdf

use htmldoc

and check

http://tldp.org/HOWTO/NCURSES-Programming-HOWTO/intro.html#OTHERFORMATS

# Conventions
## when use yEd, 

use round angle square, set its size to 30x60

set `scaling factor to 1.5` exporting.

## Conventions used in this book(O'Reilly):
Plain text
    Indicates menu titles, menu options, menu buttons, and keyboard
    accelerators(such as Alt and Ctrl)

    e.g 
        Menu->Choice

Italic
    Indicates new terms, URLs, email addresses, filenames, file extensions,
    pathnames, directories, and Unix utilities.

    e.g
        _filename_
        _dirname_
        _program name_

    Note:
        new terms is just _important term_, so it is basicly html `<em>` tag

Constant width
    Indicates commands, options, output from commands. 

    e.g
        `command`, `inline code snip`





---------------------------

I just want lessons for LGCB, not chapters, and every lesson I add will be
there forever(the url will be permanent, so that I can link to it from
anywhere), I can only better the page, but not removing it. 

I am free to change the index of the book.

I will try to make each lesson cover a complete topic, but this should give
way to keeping the story-telling style of this book, that is starting from
ZERO, and then go step by step. Say, I want to talk about __vim__ movement, which
will be too much stuff to be wrapped into one single chapter, than I will
choose to have a "3.2 vim basic movement" to fullfill the basic needs of the
students, then may be in 3.10 or 3.20, when the students get more at home with
__vim__, I can add another chapter named "vim advanced movement". 

Conciseness over Preciseness.

I don't teach bash first and __vim__ later, so put chapter1 or 2 before them is
ridiculous. I think I will teach this way:

I will first finish one or two lessons of Bash, then I will move to git or
__vim__
and pick up one or two lessons as needed.

codeschool.com
http://www.youtube.com/user/briantwill

## gdb

    b 3
    b main.c:3
    b test.c:4
    s
    n

# C
Q: why "hello.c hello.h main.c", why not just put everything in one main.c?

A: check _Program Library HOWTO_

## coding style
`doxygen`

    :dox



## data type

    int i;
    char c;
    float f;

my slides <http://peter-c-pointers.heroku.com/>
## C books

the C Bible: _The C Programming Language_ by K&R

MIT computer introduction course: _think like a computer scientist (python editon)_ 
# history of GNU/Linux
## free software --- GNU
Author: Richard Stallmam
<http://www.gnu.org>
## opensource software ---Linux
Author: Linus 
<http://kernel.org/>


# Basics
## firefox

`/` to start search

__Ctrl-G__ find next

__Ctrl-c-l__ change URL

__Ctrl-k__ to google

__Ctrl-r__ refresh

# Home Work

## creat your own home page

follow this:
<http://pages.github.com/>
and then you can get sth like this
<http://happypeter.github.com>

## reading

_How to Become a Hacker_ (By Eric S.R)

http://www.beijinglug.org

http://linuxcommand.org/tlcl.php

## linfo

linfo.org is special in that it is really sth for Linux newbies, focusing on
only important concepts(like GCC, Linux, platform), and it limits the talk
only with in the materials interesting to beginners. linfo Rocks!

And its simplicity looks really sexy to me, and I am tempted to creat my own
linfo. I want to add pics, I want a search bar.
